feat: auto-redirect to SSO provider when expired remote session detected (DET-10392) (#9613)
determined-ai/determined: docs/reference/deploy/master-config-reference.rst

The name of the attribute passed in through the claim from the OIDC provider used to set the user's
display name in Determined.

``always_redirect``
===================

> Determines if this OIDC provider should be redirected to for authentication, bypasses the standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies if this OIDC provider should be used for authentication, bypassing the standard
```

Determined sign-in page. This redirection persists unless the user explicitly signs out within the

> WebUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebUI. If an SSO user attempts to use an expired session token, they are directly redirected to the SSO provider and returned to the requested page after authentication.
```

The claim name from the SAML provider used to set the user's display name in Determined.

``always_redirect``
===================

> Determines if this SAML provider should be redirected to for authentication, bypasses the standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies if this SAML provider should be used for authentication, bypassing the standard
```

Determined sign-in page. This redirection persists unless the user explicitly signs out within the

> WebUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebUI. If a SSO user attempts to use an expired session token, they are directly redirected to the SAML provider and returned to the requested page after authentication.
```
